Inital draft of hub documentation with examples (#166)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/hub/pages/autoconnect-mode.adoc

[[manual-mode-example]]
= Manual mode

> In this example, autoconnect mode is used, this is a convenient method where it is assumed that each server has an admin user with the same credentials as one of Hub's user.

Reviewer: I would reword it as something like:

The `autoconnect` mode is a convenient method where the same credentials used to login into the Hub API are used to login into the APIs of the servers the user wants to work with. It is assumed the credentials are valid in each server and correspond to an admin user.

Difference from relay mode is that there is no need to call `attachToServers` method which also means that there is no need to make a call to get the `serverIds`. This process will happen automatically
when user will login into hub using `loginWithAutoconnectMode` method. Selected servers will be the servers where Hub user will have access though.

Here in this example, following is happening

[square]
* User provide credentials for the hub to the `loginWithAutoconnectMode` method, a `sessionkey` for the hub is returned. 

> * `multicast` call is being perfomed on the specific servers where `serverId` is used to indentify the specific sever. Behind the scenes, `system.list_system method` of each {productname} server's xmlrpc api method will be called to get the list of the clients registed with each {productname} server

Reviewer: same comments as in manual mode example

* Hub will take care of collecting these results and return in form of a `map`. This map has two entries, entry with `Successfull`  key, has list of responses where call was successful while with `Failed` key  has the failed ones.

[NOTE]
====

> If user wish to get information from only one {productname} server, then Hub also provided a convenient `unicast` namespace. In this case, result would not be returned as map rather exactly as the result are expectd as if user directly call that {productname} server's api.

Reviewer: same comments as in manual mode example

[[manual-mode-example]]

> = Manual mode

Reviewer 2: Should be autoconnect mode I guess

> The autoconnect mode is a convenient method where the same credentials used to login into the Hub API are used to login into the APIs of the servers the user wants to work with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The autoconnect mode is a convenience mechanism that, similarly to the relay mode, uses the same credentials to perform a login into the Hub and peripheral Server APIs.
```

> It is assumed the credentials are valid in each server and correspond to an admin user. Difference from relay mode is that there is no need to call `attachToServers` method which also means that there is no need to call `listServerIds` method to get the `serverIds`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Differently from relay mode, there is no need to use the `attachToServers` method, as it is assumed the user wants to connect to all peripheral Servers under his control, and the Hub XMLRPC API will in fact log in to them all at Hub login time.
```

Reviewer: while you are at it, can we change every occurrence of "serverIds" or derivative forms to "serverIDs" ? (Including example scripts)

This process will happen automatically when user will login into hub using `loginWithAutoconnectMode` method. Selected servers will be the servers where Hub user will have access though.

> Here in this example, following is happening

Reviewer 2: See copy editing in manual mode
